today we will make a salad from
fern course rich for this we take
salt fern
pork onion garlic cilantro
vegetable oil sugar salt spicy
roasted pepper sesame black pepper soy
Sare sauce with cold water and
periodically changing the water leave them
wetted to the bland state on it
it will take you about a day after
what is well washed in running water
You will find this recipe on our website.
feast point ru then cut length
6 8 centimeters thick stems can
break into 2 or 4 parts
cut into 5 5 millimeters thick meat
then straw onion finely shred
and finely chop the cilantro in hot oil
fry the meat as soon as it starts
blush lay onion and fry
until golden onion
now add the fern stirring
fry for two or three minutes
turn off the fire and add soy sauce
sugar garlic and hot pepper
roasted sesame black pepper
add cilantro
mix green salad well
fern tasty and very crispy
Serve him mostly on holiday
ferns used as
an independent dish and as one of
ingredients in korean dishes now
try on salt if not enough
dosolim and mix again give
stand for 10-15 minutes
our salad is ready to enjoy your meal